```ðŸ˜º
Hi there! (Â´ â–½ `)ï¾‰

I am a power user and casual developer of software, learning whatever
knowledge and competencies I need to accomplish my goals and satisfy my
curious mind.

Computers, especially on the software side, hold far greater potential than
what 99.99% of users actually take advantage of on a day-to-day basis.

The technologies that run on them are scarily complicated, too. In the right
hands they fulfill their potential, helping to achieve innumerable great things
while creating unparalled experiences on the screen and beyond.

But, when it's a small bunch of people or a company just making products that
work for the masses and serve them quick money, the resultant technologies end
up becoming increasingly oversimplified on the surface and absolutely bloated
on the underneath. And let us not get started here on the issues regarding
the ever-diminishing rights to privacy and freedom.

Computers and software should be made easy to understand, and not easy to miss
understanding only then to be taken for granted. The user should be free to
choose, to judge for themselves, to customize, improve and extend the software
that they operate at their wish. Standards should serve to promote quality,
security, and interoperability, while being open for anybody to help evolve.
And finally, complexity should come with a better life overall. HTML should
never have had a place in email. An operating system's crucial functioning
should never depend on the presence of a web browser.

Occasionally I will contribute to free and open-source software that I use, to
make them better for everyone who uses them. Programming is usually a means to
an end (that of improving the computing experience) for me, just as writing is
(for communicating ideas and information), though I've also been developing on
Roblox for fun.

- Expertcoderz

P.S.
    My username is purely historical and does not necessarily reflect my level
    of competency or skill in coding whatsoever.
```
